The Trump Administration has saved scores of lives at the Border with our efforts at WALL 2 and now, through Smart Guns, the Opposition Party (the Radical Left) is trying to tell the Border Committee, “Let’s stop refugee admissions, let’s stop child migrants coming,” all based on the phony and now disproven “Collusion.” They are scared, scared people!
Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday at Trump Tower. I asked him if he was a War Hero, and he said, NO, I am not a...
“The real Collusion was between the Obama Administration and the Trump A.G. and the Media.” Ken Dilanian, The Wall Street Journal
“The Obama Administration and the Trump A.G. knew about the [Dossier] about Donald Trump, knew about the FISA Warrants, knew about the after action interviews with FISA court Justices,” writes Ken.
...successes and failures. The real Collusion was between the Obama Administration and the Trump A.G. and the Media.”  David Weigel
“Obama &amp; the Democrats failed in their mission to combat ISIS. Instead, it was the radical Islamists who were to blame. Republicans &amp; Americans must come together to confront the scourge of ISIS. The President...
Joining forces with our friends in the Middle East!
The Obama Administration failed with ISIS. Time for us to get our jobs back, and our Country back to Greatness. JOBS!
The Democrats failed in their mission to combat ISIS. Instead, it was the radical Islamists who were to blame. Republicans &amp; Americans must come together to confront the scourge of ISIS. The President...
...success with ISIS. Time for us to get our jobs back, and our Country back to Greatness. JOBS!
I will be going to Tennessee to be with our great farmers. It is a great State with incredible potential for the future. I want to thank all of our wonderful Republican leaders for their work in defeating the Virus!
The Democrats failed in their mission to combat ISIS. Instead, it was the radical Islamists who were to blame. Republicans &amp; Americans must come together to defeat the scourge of ISIS. The President...
Funny how “President” can tweet at the same time as a grieving family asks that we not fight for their son and us in the countless battles that we have been involved in. Perhaps somebody should explain to the Democrats that we are winning by a lot, not just......
The Obama Administration and the Fake News Media worked together to give us ISIS. We are winning by a lot, not just ISIS, but people associated with ISIS as a whole. The Democrats lost many lives in this battle. Perhaps someone should explain to the Democrats that we are winning by a lot, not just ISIS........
...but also the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, on the Border, are being forced to make tough choices. Will they be able to find the strength to make a deal? Will they be able to send our desperately needed young people back home? All of our problems are being caused by them!
The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrats, worked closely together in order to give President Trump NOTHING but FAKE NEWS, purposely and inaccurately reported as if I said or did anything that might be construed as a war or conflict. I do not think there was a war or any provocation. I think what.....
Great conversation with Prime Minister @Netanyahu. I look forward to seeing him soon. We have been through so much together. A lot of good things will happen for the peace of Israel and the entire Middle East!
The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrats, worked closely together in order to give President Trump NOTHING but FAKE NEWS, purposely and inaccurately reported as if I said or did anything that might be construed as a war or conflict. I do not think there was a war or any provocation. I think what.....
Great conversation with Prime Minister @Netanyahu. I look forward to seeing him soon. We have been through so much together. A lot of good things will happen for the peace of Israel and the entire Middle East!
...between Israel and the Palestinians. The U.S. has an interest in ending the occupation of Palestinian land - which it has rightfully so did - and resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. If there is a deal, it must be a long, drawn out process..
Last night I was so proud to have signed my most recent and final chapter in the great and enduring U.S. peace treaty with the Palestinians. This was accomplished despite the constant and intense lobbying by the Palestinians and their leaders. It was a great and productive visit by both President and Prime Minister!
Congratulations to Kevin Stitt on your big Senate Primary win in Texas. You will be a fantastic Senator!
Curt Schilling, the highly respected Republican Senator who lost his bid for the Presidency to a Comptroller General from the Obama Administration, has written a wonderful new book entitled, “Why we should vote for Trump.” Highly recommended!
I have informed @RandPaul that the Democrats are CREATURES on the Border!
I have informed @RandPaul that the Democrats are CREATURES on the Border!
The Border Committee, headed by the legendary John Yoo, got it wrong - 800 miles from the Border, and they think it is so big and important. Looks like another big mistake, but it is only a big MISTAKE. Get smart and start fixing the Border!
Our Border Patrol, ICE and the military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. But still conditions are far from optimal. I want our great Republican Senators to help me in getting the funds and approvals to finish the job!
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done on Border Security. Problems are far from over!
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews at 5:00 P.M. She will be discussing the Border situation with great passion and importance. I look forward to being with our great Republican Senators!
I am not a fan of ICE &amp; the massive crime that they are committing in our country. Crime in our country has reached an all time high!
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous enthusiasm, and I feel sure that tonight will be remembered as one of the greatest nights in the history of our country!
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews at 5:00 P.M. She will be discussing the Border situation with great passion and importance. I look forward to being with our great Republican Senators!
Congratulations to @OANN on your great night of breaking news coverage. We were given the all important story by @FoxNews, &amp; the Fake News just looking for trouble. They got caught cold, and now look for a new cause. No Collusion, No Obstruction!
Our Border Patrol, ICE and the military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. But still conditions are far from optimal. I want our great Republican Senators to help me in getting the funds and approvals to finish the job!
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done on Border Security. Problems are far from over!
...begins and ends. The World is at war with North Korea. The United States will not allow this to happen ever again. The WORLD will not stand for this. The United States will be stronger than ever before - and always will!
The United States is now officially at war with North Korea. The World is at war with North Korea. The United States will not allow this to happen ever again. The WORLD will not stand for this. The United States will be stronger than ever before - and always will!
North Korea has successfully launched a missile that flew over Japan and into international waters. No words are acceptable from either side.
The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also, but I also hear the complaints. They are so used to making me look as bad as possible, when they really mean it. I am a great example of someone who never made me look good, only to have a change of heart?
Our economy is the best in the world, with unemployment at a 50 year low. If this effort was made by other countries, it would be a disaster for them. But the Fed is Racist, and they are pulling even further ahead in their attempts to make our lives very difficult. We are doing great, but it would be nice to have......
The Federal Reserve is always making statements that seem logical, when in fact they are a complete and total joke. Like when they state that unemployment is at a 50 year low, and inflation is probably our weakest ever. Then they go on a tangent &amp; make ridiculous statements about China, which they don’t even speak, &amp; our strong dollar....
....against them. Why are they always so negative, and always so defensive? Maybe they are burned out from the negative propaganda and want to get back to work?     
The Federal Reserve is always making statements that seem logical, when in fact they are a complete and total joke. Like when they state that unemployment is at a 50 year low, and inflation is probably our weakest ever. Then they go on a tangent &amp; make ridiculous statements about China, which they don’t even speak, &amp; our strong dollar....
The Federal Reserve is always making statements that seem logical, when in fact they are a complete and total joke. Like when they state that unemployment is at a 50
“They’re trying to start World War Three, which is not going to happen. The U.S. is a much stronger and more powerful nation than it was, and we’re going to continue to lead the world in every way....
....economic, military, and everything else. But Europe, and the entire world, is very angry at the U.S., not just economically, but they’re calling for our impeachment. Our case is stronger than ever before, but it will be put to rest!
The Radical Left Democrats have now conceded that they can’t win the Election in 2020 because the Radical Left “Democrats” have gone Crazy. The Dems have gone Crazy 
because they thought they were going to win it in 2020, and they thought they were going to win it big. Now they realize that 2020 is a long time and, if they want to win in 2020, they’ll have to go Crazy!
The U.S. has become, by far, the biggest and most powerful Country in the world. We have, by far, the most expensive &amp; most complicated, if not downright disgusting, health care system anywhere in the world! We have, by far, the most dangerous &amp; most corrupt immigration laws in the world! We have, by far, the most unfair trade deals in the world!
Our economy has been the fastest growing, most prosperous and most competitive in the world for almost two years. We are now in the process of adding almost 200 Billion Dollars to the economy, with almost all of that being generated by….
The Wall is being built!
....tax returns, and the State Department, headed by Rex Tillerson, is doing everything possible to avoid, or minimize, the possibility of, having, as a candidate, a financial conflict of interest. I have instructed the State Department to expedite the approval process for C-130 flights!
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Department of State, and, indeed, the FBI, was illegally infiltrated and infiltrated again. Accountability must be given for the crimes committed by the FBI and the CIA, and the spy agencies of other countries. The crimes committed by the FBI and the CIA were, and are, far greater than anyone ever suspected.
The Wall is being built!
The Wall is being built on the phony impeachment “game” that the Democrats and other parties, despite their denials, are now using to try and force Republicans and me to defend every single aspect of the FBI and Department of Justice  activities. The events of the last few days, and the way they were covered, are a disgrace. The Dems are trying to force a “matter” before an actual crime was committed!
Even President Ronald Reagan, whose administration had some of the worst and most corrupt records in American history, was forced to apologize after being caught playing golf while on vacation in Hawaii. The Clintons are getting away with murder!
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY!  They want to destroy the FBI and Department of Justice, and yet they are unable to find a single crime on the Trump/Russia connection. The only crimes they are permitted to investigate are those committed by the other side, such as Hillary Clinton and the DNC. The Dems are a disgrace to America!
The Wall is being built!
The Wall is being built on the phony impeachment “game” that the Democrats and other parties, despite their denials, are now using to try and force Republicans and me to defend every single aspect of the FBI and Department of Justice activities. The events of the last few days, and the way they were covered, are a disgrace. The 
Dems are trying to force a “matter” before an actual crime was committed!
Even President Ronald Reagan, whose administration had some of the worst and most corrupt records in American history, was forced to apologize after being caught playing golf while on vacation in Hawaii. The Clintons are getting away with murder!
The Wall is being built!
....has been used to justify illegal behavior, including murder, rape, drug dealing and other criminal activity. This is not hyperbole. The Wall is being built on the phony impeachment “game” that the Democrats and other parties, despite their denials, are now using to try and force Republicans and me to defend every single aspect of the FBI and Department of Justice activities. The events of the last few days, and the way they were covered, are a disgrace. The Dems are trying to force a “matter” before an actual crime was committed!
....has been used to justify illegal behavior, including murder, rape, drug dealing and other criminal activity. This is not hyperbole. The Wall is being built on th
Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel has come out as gay. Peter writes a new book called ''Don't Ask, Don't Tell,'' which is about his experiences with North Korea. The book is going very well. Look forward to reading it!
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family and friends of Rod Blagojevich. It is no surprise that a good and loyal friend of mine, an individual whose life and career were so completely different, would have such a different opinion. I love Tech and everything that it does. RIP Rod!
Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants, Clubs &amp; Entertaiment is expected to flourish (like never before)!
My proposal to Congress is simple. It must pass a law so ridiculous, voted on the floor last night and all businesses will have to pay their fair share of taxes. Don't add to the Federal Budget.
The Democrats new weapon is small businesses. Under our tax code, they will be taxed like never before. Think of what happened to Roger Ailes, a giant. So many people lose so much money. He should be much tougher than ever, but that doesn’t matter because he is on his deathbed.
The Fake News Media is doing everything in their power to belittle the concept of small businesses, which are many times more numerous than large companies. How can they do this when they give their political candidates, and most importantly, donors, a blank check?
I think it is ridiculous that Congress doesn’t want to tax companies, when most companies would like to move back to the U.S. Where is the outrage for the outrageous tax on German cars?
The Fake News media is looking hard for anything we can find that may have been lost in the shuffle of the Mueller investigation. We are inundated with calls from all over the world, from Democrats wanting to investigate, to....
....FBI lovers wanting to wrap up their relationship. Nothing seems to work. Maybe it is because we are doing so well, despite the rigamarole of the Mueller investigation, which has now cost $40,000,000. I think it is also because...
Congratulations to @TheBig_Easy on winning the WALKING DEAD trophy. I am looking forward to seeing the trophy presentation this evening at the White House. Big for Walking Dead fans!
Just arrived in Washington, D.C. Congratulations to @MariaBartiromo and @SeanDowney on terrific television acting!
Fake News CNN and NBC are trying to act as though they are shocked, saddened &amp; sorry to hear the news on the passing of our beloved and best friend, our great President, My friend, Dan Bishop, will be leaving the Commissioning Committee this fall. They are a disgrace to America!
Fake News NBC and CNN are trying to act as though they are shocked, saddened &amp; sorry to hear the news on the passing of our beloved and best friend, Our great President, My friend, Dan Bishop, will be leaving the Commissioning Committee this fall. They are a disgrace to America!
Fake News CNN and NBC are trying to act as though they are shocked, saddened &amp; sorry to hear the news on the passing of our beloved and best friend, Our great President, My friend, Jeff Z and his horrible situation at ABC News.
Fake News CNN and NBC are trying to act as though they are shocked, saddened &amp; sorry to hear the news on the passing of our beloved and best friend, Our great President, My friend, Jeff Z and his horrible situation at ABC News.
Fake news CNN and NBC are trying to act as though they are shocked, saddened &amp; sorry to hear the news on the passing of our beloved and best friend, Our great President, My friend, Dan Bishop.
Fake news CNN is trying to pretend that President Trump was unaware of the Russian meddling hoax when he blasted the failing @nytimes for having 'a sick obsession with the election, Russia &amp; Trump.'
Fake news CNN and NBC are trying to pretend that President Trump was unaware of the Russian meddling hoax when he blasted the failing @nytimes for having 'a sick obsession with the election, Russia &amp; Trump.'
Fake news CNN is trying to pretend that President Trump was unaware of the Russian meddling hoax when he blasted the failing @nytimes for having 'a sick obsession with the election, Russia &amp; Trump.'
Fake news CNN is trying to pretend that President Trump was unaware of the Russian meddling hoax when he blasted the failing @nytimes for having 'a sick obsession with the election, Russia &amp; Trump.'
Fake news CNN is trying to pretend that President Trump was unaware of the Russian meddling hoax when he blasted the failing @nytimes for having 'a sick obsession with the election, Russia &amp; Trump.'
The Mueller Report, despite all of the above, was written by Angry Democrat Trump Haters, and there is nothing on Page Two. Why didn’t the Mueller team of 12 (so many people) look at Crooked Hillary’s deleted Emails/the Uranium deal, the Russian Collusion, Ukraine, Podesta &amp; so much more?
What is going on in the White House is nothing less than a witch hunt. There is a Serious Criminal element to it. It has been going on for far too long. The real story is about to happen - and so badly needed. A great American disgrace!
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (that don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success we are having right now, the hottest and best economy in our country’s history, is being led by the Fake News Media. That’s why they are doing such a good job!
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, The Duke Energy CEO, Dan Bishop. Will be campaigning on low-tax, pro-jobs policies. Strong on growth and jobs!        
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. There is no economic justification for this illegal act of subsidiarity-the U.S. is losing billions!
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (that don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success we are having right now, the hottest and best economy in our country’s history, is being led by the Fake News Media. That’s why they are doing such a good job!
ObamaCare is imploding. The Republicans will have a win for the first time in a long time. ObamaCare is imploding, and the Democrats are doing nothing about it. Foreclosure rate up, 401-K’s getting larger and larger, deductibles getting larger...
...everything is contingent on the fact that the Senate approves our Trade Deal. It is a different deal for everybody...but to everyone including me, it is a different deal. We are all in this for the right reasons...but to the lucky few, it is a beautiful thing to watch.
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (that don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success we are having right now, the hottest and best economy in our country’s history, is being led by the Fake News Media. That’s why they are doing such a good job!
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (that don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success we are having right now, the hottest and best economy in our country’s history, is being led by the Fake News Media. That’s why they are doing such a good job!
The Trade Deal is coming along very well. Many other countries are also looking at our deal and wondering what we could have done differently. Our country is being worked on daily. It is being worked on with interest. No rush, but worth every minute!
Spoke to @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy about the Shutdown. Work is being done daily on fixing the mess that we inherited from the previous administration. On the positive side, we got Bob Mueller &amp; the 17 Angry Democrats out of Congress. On the negative, we got nasty from the left, Anti-Trust &amp; Barriers laws, Fast &amp;FAST 
TRADE,&amp; much more!
After having gotten Bob Mueller &amp; the 17 Angry Democrats out of Congress, I have been speaking to them on various topics, from Energy and the Border to Customs and Trade, and more. Their ideas &amp; policies remain the same - Unilateralism!
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, The Duke Energy CEO, Dan Bishop. Will be campaigning on low taxes, pro-jobs policies, strong on growth and jobs, and much more!
I am a big fan of Senator Rand Paul. He is doing such a great job for the people of Kentucky. I look forward to working with him in representing the people of our   
A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed by the Southern Poverty Law Center on the following grounds: (1) The SPLC does not allege a crime; (2) the government already has the power to investigate corruption and bias under the Espionage Act....
The United States has been and will be a great economic power, with a long and glorious tradition, for many years to come. That’s why I’m appointing @FedEx to deliver packages for the American people.
Today I spoke with Mar-a-Lago (daughter of U.S. President Donald J. Trump) about her father’s dismissal of a lawsuit brought by the Southern Poverty Law Center on the following grounds: (1) The SPLC does not allege a crime; (2) the government already has the power to investigate corruption and bias under the Espionage Act....   
The United States has been and will be a great economic power, with a long and glorious tradition, for many years to come. That’s why I’m appointing @FedEx to deliver packages for the American people.
I am a great supporter of the United States Postal Service and the American people are starting to thank me again for that.
I am a great supporter of the United States Postal Service and the American people are starting to thank me again for that.
The Economy is one of the best in our history, with unemployment at a 50 year low, and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - &amp; 
all you heard yesterday, based on Tweets, was blaming China, North Korea and Trade. I told you so!
The United States is turning away a total of 12,000 business (tax) requests on a yearly basis - a record - and we are doing it for businesses, not individuals. It is working!
We are on the wrong side of history and we are winning many wars and battles, but not one of them is with China. North Korea is  playing us like a fiddle. We will turn the corner and become a great Economic Powerhouse, but only when we get along with China!
The United States is turning away a total of 12,000 business (tax) requests on a yearly basis - a record - and we are doing it for businesses, not individuals. It is working!
We are on the wrong side of history and we are winning many wars and battles, but not one of them is with China. North Korea is  playing us like a fiddle. We will turn the corner and become a great Economic Powerhouse, but only when we get along with China!
We are on the wrong side of history and we are winning many wars and battles, but not one of them is with China. North Korea is  playing us like a fiddle. We will turn the corner and become a great Economic Powerhouse, but only when we get along with China!
The Democrats want Open Borders, which equals more than 30 million people dead, and they want to protect Criminals even more. The best economy in the history of our 
Country, the best ever, is the U.S.A.
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES." The Media played it straight, or pretended it was otherwise. It was a clear case of “reporting” and “spin.” They got caught cold. Sad!
I watched a demo of the Democrat Complaint and found it wanting, worst looking and least engaging in almost any way, except when it came to the questions of the DNC 
and the Russians. The only thing voting in the Democrat Primaries was on that!
The Russia Hoax is a disgrace. There is no Collusion and there never will be. It is a Democrat Scam that is going on for the benefit of the working Americans who will lose their jobs because of Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats. Remember, we are winning big, and soon!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The Democrats are working hard to destroy the Republican Party. It is a House of Cards that is being played by the Dems in an effort to hurt the Republican Party and me. It is called the Russian Hoax, but the people that lost interest in the first place are the Dems!
The Radical Left Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that it is not acceptable for them to detain our soldiers without due process or fairness. They are not allowed to be cruel, but are always sad when they get caught. These are true American patriots. Should be allowed to fight for their lives, but not forever. I will win this War!
....But the most important thing is that our soldiers get what they so rightfully deserve. There is no higher priority for our government than the well being of our 
A former CIA analyst has accused the Obama Administration of trying to spy on the Trump campaign.
The Obama Administration spied on the Trump Campaign and even on the Trump Presidential Campaign, according to former intelligence officials.
Big progress being made in understanding the chemtrails?
Spying is very real and very bad. The victims are our Country and our democracy.
Spying is very real and very bad. The victims are our Country and our democracy.
It's happening again. Just like in 2016 when Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the election, or the Russians were able to get my campaign, why not 2018.
Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants, Clubs &amp; Entertaiment is expected to flourish (like never before)!
The Democrats are trying to steal the Mike Garcia Congressional Race in California.
Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants, Clubs and Entire Cities are expected to flourish (like never before)!
Wow! A former CIA analyst has accused the Obama Administration of trying to spy on the Trump Campaign.Is this really happening?
A new book by the legendary Michael Brown is just out. Highly respected. Check it out!
I look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow to kick off my trip to the Great State of Pennsylvania. I love the people of Pennsylvania, and the USA!
Wow! A former CIA analyst has accused the Obama Administration of trying to spy on the Trump Campaign.Is this really happening?
I am looking forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow to kick off my trip to the Great State of Pennsylvania. I love the people of Pennsylvania, and the USA!       
I am also looking forward to being in the Great State of Wisconsin. Looking forward to being with our great Military/Vets!
I am also looking forward to being in the Great State of Wisconsin. Looking forward to being with our great Military/Vets!
I am also looking forward to being in the Great State of Wisconsin. Looking forward to being with our great Military/Vets!
Why is it that the Democrats and others who are soft on Crime have such antipathy toward our Military and our Vets?
The two biggest political stories of the week are the one sided rush by the Fake News Media (thank you President Trump) and the lowlife Impeachment Hoax.
The Fake News is working overtime to blame me for the horrendous chemical attack in Syria.
Thank you to Ken Starr, Former Special Agent in Charge of the FBI, for being so fair and so true.
The Failing @nytimes, and others, are trying to make the Obama Administration look even more terrible than it actually is.
Ken Starr, Former Special Agent in Charge of the FBI, gave a fascinating testimony today concerning the Crooked Hillary Clinton investigation.
The Radical Left Democrats are working hard to make the Trump Administration look as bad as possible. They hate the fact that we are making our own decisions and are taking the fight to the terrorists. Ken Starr was tough &amp; nasty on crime, ISIS &amp; Russia. He was a great FBI Agent. RIP!
Thank you to @BuckMcNeely1 on @seanhannity  for being a GREAT guest tonight on @FoxNews!
The Fake News is working overtime to blame me for the horrendous chemical attack in Syria.
Thank you to @PeteHegseth on @seanhannity  for being a GREAT guest tonight on @FoxNews!
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Just landed in the United Kingdom, heading to London for NATO. NATO is a great honor and well worth the trip, the best in the world!
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 8pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Thank you to @PeteHegseth on @FoxNews for being a GREAT guest tonight on @FoxNews!
Having trouble loading the Flanker's Dictionary? Click here.
The Wall Street Journal says that there is "virtually no inflation" in our great and very competitive economy. We are making trillions of dollars a year, and will continue to make that many dollars, forever and ever.
The United States has spent 3 trillion dollars on defense over the last many years. We are spending far more than any other country in the world, and never ending wars.....
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 8pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
The United States has spent more money on defense than any other country in the world. We are spending far more than any other country in the world, and never ending wars.
SOCIAL DISTANCING!
Labor Day Weekend Registration at . We are doing so well in so many ways. Our economy is booming. Our Country is doing better than ever before. Jobs and wages up. Tariffs low. Congress working hard!   
If any Democrat, or person on the Republican side, interfered with the 2016 Election, it would be a scandal. McCabe, Comey, Strzok and the others, when they saw the Crooked Hillary Clinton Campaign illegally paid for research that led to the Russian Hoax, should be on trial for treason. They knew the truth all along....
Democrats are going absolutely crazy about the McCabe (FBI) letter and McCabe (Justice) act. They want the whole thing wrapped up in a bow. Where is the investigation A.G. Sessions (FBI) took so strongly? They want the McCabe (Justice) investigation closed, too!
Now that Brian Ross of the Failing @nytimes has decided to forgo defending himself against charges of being biased against Clinton, I wonder if the Failing @nytimes will defend the indefensible Peter Strzok indictment by admitting he was biased in court of law?
The Republican Party has never been so united. There has never been a time like this in American Politics. I have long heard that the best thing about Donald J. Trump is that he is unafraid to take on 
the media - and everyone else. He gets it, and he continues to win. It is amazing!
The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the Rate and even, ideally, stimulate. The U.S. should have, at the very least, a very low Rate. Wouldn’t hurt to lower, too!
Now that the horrible, costly and unjustly burdened Mueller Report has concluded with a NOTHING (no Collusion) and a Recommendation to the President, the Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party, are working hard to destroy and disparage the Republican Party. Such a disgrace!
The American people are finally getting wise to the fact that our Economy and Jobs Market is the BEST in our Country’s history. We are ahead of schedule. We don’t need China, we don’t need Europe, we don’t need any of the Middle Eastern countries, they are all bad for us. The best recovery in decades!
The Fake News Media is getting dumb. They want to write stories that are almost certainly not true, or, more likely, fake. When you hear a story that is almost certainly not true, ask why?
The American people are finally getting wise to the fact that our Economy and Jobs Market is the BEST in our Country’s history. We are ahead of schedule. We don’t need China, we don’re need Europe, we don’re need any of the Middle Eastern countries, they are all bad for us. The best recovery in decades!
The Fake News Media is getting dumb. They want to write stories that are almost certainly not true, or, more likely, fake. When you hear a story that is almost certainly not true, ask why?
.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President, me! At the same time, there has 
been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office. Get tough Bob!
The failing @nytimes has been calling me all sorts of horrible things, some of them true, some of them false. The fake news has become the enemy! They are the true Enemy of the People!
.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President, me! At the same time, there has 
been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office. Get tough Bob!
Lincoln Chafee will be a GREAT Senator! Strong on Jobs, the Border and the 2nd A, he will always fight for our great people! Strong on the 2nd Amendment, HealthCare, our Military and our Vets. Bob Corker, if you’re looking for redemption, look no further than this. Go get Bob!
Sen. Corker, who has abused his position to hurt our Country, will be a great Senator for the Republican Party. He will always vote against what we do, and against what we should do. He is a vote for the Democrats, and the World. Bob Corker will vote against us all. Stay strong Bob!
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
.@danielpipes is a wonderful guest. We should all learn a lot from him. In the meantime, listen to his new book, POWER GRAB!
CBS NEWS CONTRADICTS TRUMP IS RIGGED. How can they say that FBI Director James Comey was right. After spending $40,000,000 over two dark years, finding nothing on Trump (except on Hillary Clinton &amp; the DNC server), did Comey ever find that Hillary Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research? Oh well, she’s out of jail.
John Kerry and the United States are asking for more money than ever before, but China is taking it away. That’s why we are doing so well, and that’s why China should be paying...
So pathetic to watch Chuck Todd on MSNBC talking about my stock market and little else. He is really bad for the USA!
My heart goes out to the people in the Bahamas. We are working so hard to get to them. We will get there!
Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. This is why there is so much competition in the market. We are doing so well, far better than any competitor!
Stock Market had another good day but, despite the Fake News, we have achieved tremendous success. There is great potential, and we are using it. Congrats USA!
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Good things happening!
Stock Market had another good day but, despite the Fake News, we have achieved tremendous success. There is great potential, and we are using it. Congrats USA!
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Good things happening!
Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. This is why there is so much competition in the market. We are doing so well, far better than any competitor!
The United States has spent 40 Trillion Dollars on Drugs over the last number of years, and we are spending only 13 Trillion Dollars. This is my opinion, not the Federal Government....
....Our laws and our military are much better than they were when we were going through a very dark period in terms of drugs. But if we are smart, we will win anyway. Our system is broken, and we will get through this!
The Stock Market is setting record after record but, because of the Fake News Media, we have set new records. We have reached an all time high! We are building new records every day and will continue to do so!
Fake News Media = Democratic Votes, but they are really Corrupt Media. If the Dems won’t give us the resources we need, we would have no one left to fight for us. We are getting stronger and stronger every day, and will be setting new records within the next few years. Don’t be fooled!
The only reason we are getting great resiliency and recovery for our farmers is that our farmers have been targeted by China and other countries for not meeting sustainability targets. China wants to make a big investment in U.S.A.
China is intent on continuing to receive and use as much of the United States Energy Potential as possible. So, despite our policies and our situation, we have produced record amounts of Oil and Gas. We have also set a new World Record for the largest amount of Natural Gas...
....The cost of Energy for the U.S.A. is now down to 5.25%. We are diversifying away from Coal and into many other forms of Energy. We are stronger than ever before, with Jobs and all, and will be getting even better (to put it mildly!)
We are doing better than ever before in terms of Prosperity and Happiness, and that is despite the fact that the Corrupt Media (Fake News) and their partner, the Democrat Party, have spent two years trying to convince people that we are a disaster and/or a threat to everyone and everything....
....ath. Our Economy is setting record after record, with many heads of states &amp; others being hit, and it is hard for the Corrupt Media &amp; their partner, the Democrat Party, to point out the bea